gh-88831: In docs for asyncio.create_task, explain why strong references to tasks are needed (#93258)
python/cpython: Doc/library/asyncio-task.rst

   .. important::

      Save a reference to the result of this function, to avoid
      a task disappearing mid execution. The event loop only keeps

>       weak references to all task. Without a strong reference, the
>       task may get garbage-collected at any time. If you want to have
>       "fire-and-forget" background tasks you can do something like this::
> 
>           # create an empty set to store references to background tasks
>           background_tasks = set()
> 
>           # start 10 background tasks
>           for i in range(10):
>               task = asyncio.create_task(some_coro(param=i))
> 
>               # Add task to set. This creates a strong reference.
>               background_tasks.add(task)
> 
>               # To prevent accumulation of references to already finished
>               # tasks, make each task remove its own reference from set after
>               # completion:
>               task.add_done_callback(lambda t: background_tasks.discard(t))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      weak references to tasks. A task that isn't referenced elsewhere
      may get garbage-collected at any time, even before it's done.
      For reliable "fire-and-forget" background tasks, gather them in
      a collection::

          background_tasks = set()

          for i in range(10):
              task = asyncio.create_task(some_coro(param=i))

              # Add task to the set. This creates a strong reference.
              background_tasks.add(task)

              # To prevent keeping references to finished tasks forever,
              # make each task remove its own reference from the set after
              # completion:
              task.add_done_callback(background_tasks.discard)
```
